---
layout: post
title: the torments of mrs arbuthnot
---

Pretending to have a heart-attack won’t get you out of doing the dishes.

These were the last words that the widow Arbuthnot spoke to her husband.

Fifteen minutes later and she’s screaming at the dog for inspiration - even dialling 911 was taking too long.
As she waits for the ambulance to arrive, she rewinds, over and over, those last few words - but can’t recall even a hint of playfulness in her voice.

The dog barked more loudly than usual when the paramedics arrived – it was like he realised that his duties had forever changed, now focused entirely on his mistress.

& at this moment Mrs. Arbuthnot knew that she was isolated, alone with a regret that wouldn’t fade.

#

There’s a man who lives at the top of her road. He walks with splayed feet, a limp and an idiotic smile.

The backs of his hands face forwards, his feet point 10-to-2 and his bottom lip droops when he thinks too much.
He broke his ankle escaping from a badly tethered dog and the Post Office let him go. He admits that he hated his job - and though his ankle throbs most days, is pleased the injury earned him early retirement.

Yet every Christmas he applies for a temporary job with his old employers.

The widow Arbuthnot receives a lot of cards – he delivers her mail like he’s replacing the stolen eggs belonging to a songbird.

He dreams that one day she’ll come out to thank him for such a good service and that they’ll get to talk.

The widow Arbuthnot eats naked – certain that such a habit will keep her from spreading at the middle.

She’s yet to notice the temporary Postman, let alone recognise him from all those years ago - that time when she supported his wound and they waited for medical attention.

#

Her friends don’t know, but Mrs Arbuthnot once knew the painter Oskar Kokoschka and shortly after had an affair with a minor Russian diplomat. 
The Muscovite was a fan of Chekhov and would read his stories to Mrs Arbuthnot as he waited for his phallus to recover.

Mrs Arbuthnot would listen to this strange language without flinching. The diplomat’s poetry-voice insinuated the story…his facial contortions traced the dramatic arc.

Only when he stood up, the blood beginning to re-colonise their length of connection, did he race his words…

There were moments that edged towards brutish dominance - there were times when she was treated as something holy.

She didn’t know at the time - how could she? - but this was the closest that she would ever get to being a princess.

Her father’s promise was a lie.

 - end.
